---
layout: default
---

# Terms & Conditions
**Last updated 04/20/2020**  

The following document outlines the pineappslab's apps and sites Terms of Use. Before using these products, you must read, understand and agree to these terms. Please read the document carefully, and also review our [Privacy Policy](privacy.md).

# Apps Use
By accessing the site, viewing any content or using any services available on the apps (as each is defined below) you are agreeing to be bound by these terms. The terms govern our relationship with you in relation to the site. If you disagree with any part of the terms, please do not access the site or use the apps.


# Agreement
For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which each party acknowledges, the parties hereby agree as follows:

## 1. Artwork
Any artwork used in Parallax Layers app remains the property of the respective owners.


## 2. Restrictions
You must not post, promote, or endorse any content which could be construed as:

Hateful,

Defamatory,

Threatening,

Abusive,

Harassing,

Harmful,

Invasive of anyone's privacy,

Extreme or gratuitous sexualization; or

Extreme or gratuitous violence.

Any content violating the above restrictions may be deemed inappropriate and removed without warning.

## 3. Rules
Whenever you access, use, or otherwise deal with the Services, you must comply with all:

+ Applicable laws;

+ Acceptable-use policies and other policies implemented by pineappslab with respect to the the Site or the Services from time-to-time, as posted on the Site; and

+ Other rules and policies or procedures that pineappslab communicates to you from time-to-time.


## 4. Ownership
As between you and pineappslab, you will retain ownership of all original text, images, videos, messages, comments, ratings, and other original content you provide on or through the apps.

## 5. Moral Rights
pineappslab and our service providers, members, users and licensees may use, copy, display and transmit your user name in connection with any or all of Your Content if pineappslab or the service providers, members, users or licensees wish to do so.

## 6. Representations regarding Your Content
You represent and warrant to pineappslab that:

you own Your Content;

you have the right to grant the Licences; and

the use, communication, sharing, display, copying, reformatting and distribution of Your Content as permitted by the Licences will not infringe or violate the rights of any third party.

## 7. Content Disclaimer
pineappslab does not endorse any of the content on the apps. pineappslab will not be responsible or liable for content that is generated by the apps users.

## 8. Use of the Services
You must not:

+ reverse engineer, de-compile, hack, disable, disrupt, interfere with, disassemble, copy, decrypt, reassemble, supplement, translate, adapt or enhance any of the pineappslab apps or sites;

+ create a link, name or label, or otherwise upload to or transmit from the Site or the Services any content, link or anything else that (if reproduced, published, transmitted or used) may:

+ be defamatory, threatening, abusive, harassing, hateful, obscene, pornographic, harmful or invasive of anyone’s privacy, or excessively violent,

+ violate any law including intellectual property, privacy or other laws;

+ impersonate any person;

+ give rise to civil or other liability; or

+ relate to illegal drugs, weapons, gambling or other illegal activities;

+ upload to or transmit from the Site or the Services any data, file, software or link that contains or redirects to a virus, Trojan horse, worm or other harmful component;

+ use the Site or the Services to do or attempt to do any of the following without pineappslab’s prior written permission:

+ send spam or other bulk messages;

+ gain unauthorized access to any data, network or system;

+ conduct or promote any commercial activity;

+ gamble;

+ monitor data or traffic on any network or system;

+ obtain an email address, user name or other information about a third party without their consent;

+ use any misleading, false or deceptive TCP/IP header information in any email or posting; or

+ conduct or instigate any denial of service attack against pineappslab’s website or network, or any third party’s website or network;</span>

+ improperly make complaints or false reports on the Site;

+ artificially inflate or alter ratings, views or statistics on the Site

+ falsify any data or information available on the Site;

+ delete or modify any copyright or other intellectual property notices on the Site;

+ sell or transfer your account, or allow any third party to access or use it;

+ avoid, circumvent, or disable any access control technology, security device, procedure, protocol, or technological protection mechanism that may be included or established in or as part of any of the Site or the Services or any hardware / software used to provide the Site or the Services, or third party hardware / software or services;

+ interfere with the Services or any third party’s use of the Site or the Services;

+ resell any of pineappslab’s services or allow any third party to use or access the Site or the Services without pineappslab's prior written consent; or

+ authorize or encourage any third party to do any of the above.


## 9. Modifications
From time to time, pineappslab may add new features to the Site and the Services, remove existing features from the Site and the Services, or otherwise modify the Site and the Services (including their functionality, “look-and-feel”, universal resource locators and software components).


## 10. Disclaimer
THE SITE, THE pineappslab CONTENT, THE pineappslab TOOLS AND THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”. pineappslab DISCLAIMS ALL TERMS, CONDITIONS, GUARANTEES, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES (EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY AND OTHERWISE), IN RESPECT OF THE SITE, THE pineappslab CONTENT, THE pineappslab TOOLS AND THE SERVICES, INCLUDING THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, QUALITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

## 11. Limitation of Liability
YOU USE THE SITE, THE pineappslab CONTENT, THE pineappslab TOOLS AND THE SERVICES AT YOUR OWN RISK. pineappslab WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS IN CONNECTION TO THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE, THE pineappslab CONTENT, THE pineappslab TOOLS AND THE SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY LOSS TO YOUR CONTENT. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, AND WITHOUT LIMITING THE PREVIOUS SENTENCE, pineappslab WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE, THE pineappslab CONTENT, THE pineappslab TOOLS OR THE SERVICES.


## 12. Indemnity.
YOU WILL INDEMNIFY PINEAPPSLAB AND ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES, LICENSORS AND LICENSEES (COLLECTIVELY, THE “INDEMNITEES”) AND HOLD THE INDEMNITIES HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST ALL DAMAGES, INJURIES, LIABILITIES, COSTS, EXPENSES AND LEGAL FEES THAT ANY OF THEM MAY INCUR IN CONNECTION WITH:

YOUR CONTENT, INCLUDING CLAIMS THAT YOUR CONTENT OR THE EXPLOITATION OF IT AS PERMITTED BY THIS AGREEMENT INFRINGES OR VIOLATES THE RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY;

YOUR USE OF THE SITE, THE pineappslab CONTENT, THE pineappslab TOOLS OR THE SERVICES; OR

THE UNTRUTHFULNESS OR INACCURACY OF ANY OF YOUR REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES TO US; OR

YOUR BREACH OF ANY OBLIGATION, REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY IN THIS AGREEMENT.

## 13. Modifications to this Agreement
From time to time in our sole discretion pineappslab may modify the terms of this Agreement by posting the modifications on the Site. You will be bound by the modified terms after the modified terms have been emailed to you or have been posted on the Site for 30 days.


# Contact
<pineappslab@gmail.com>